update: architecture.md (#148)
0xPolygonMiden/miden-base: docs/src/architecture/transactions.md

1. Create a uniform vault for all inputs.
2. Run scripts for all input notes (scripts are run one after the other).
3. Run a user-defined script if desired.
4. Create a uniform vault for all outputs.
5. Ensure that the assets in the unified input and output vaults are the same.

The final point verifies that no assets are created or destroyed as a result of the transaction.

A user-defined transaction script can also be included in a transaction.

## Execution Steps 
There are various steps involved in transaction execution. These stages are detailed here (in a somewhat different order):

1. **Prologue**: In this stage, we create a unified vault for all transaction inputs (accounts and notes).
2. **Execution**: In this stage, we first execute scripts for all input notes (one by one), and then an optional user-defined script (called tx script) is executed.
3. **Epilogue**: During this stage, we create a unified vault of all transaction outputs (accounts + notes) and ensure that it contains the same assets as the input vault.

### Example: Transaction that sends assets out of a wallet (creating a note):

> This transaction does not consume any notes but has transaction script which calls the send function. Send function then creates an output note (not pictured).

Reviewer: Nit: I think here is an article missing `This transaction does not consume any notes but has **a** transaction script which calls the send function.`

> This transaction does not consume any notes but has transaction script which calls the send function. Send function then creates an output note (not pictured).

Author: ```suggestion
This transaction does not consume any notes but has a transaction script that calls the send function. Send function then creates an output note (not pictured).
```
